<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/596925532f709fccf3000077/train/javascript target="_blank">FizzBuzz++</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>There is a common problem given to interviewees in software. It is called FizzBuzz.It works as follows:For the numbers between 1 and 100, print fizz if it is a multiple of 3 and buzz if it is a mutiple of 5, else print the number itself.</p><p>You are in an interview and they ask you to complete fizzbuzz (which can be done in a one-liner in a few langs) and you knock it out of the park.</p><p>Surprised by your ability, the interviewer gives you a harder problem. Given a list of coprime numbers, (that is that the g.c.d. of all the numbers == 1) and an equally sized list of words. compute its fizzbuzz representation up until the pattern of strings repeats itself. </p><p>Here's an example</p><pre><code>fizzbuzz_plusplus([2, 3, 5], ['fizz', 'buzz', 'bazz']); // =&gt; [1, 'fizz', 'buzz', 'fizz', 'bazz', 'fizzbuzz', 7, 'fizz', 'buzz', 'fizzbazz', 11, 'fizzbuzz', 13, 'fizz', 'buzzbazz', 'fizz', 17, 'fizzbuzz', 19, 'fizzbazz', 'buzz', 'fizz', 23, 'fizzbuzz', 'bazz', 'fizz', 'buzz', 'fizz', 29 , 'fizzbuzzbazz']</code></pre><p>Things to note: </p><ul><li>Your function should return an Array of the output for each index, not print it.</li><li>If elements are 1-indexed, the 10th item is fizz + bazz as 10 == 0 (mod 2) and 10 == 0 (mod 5).</li><li>The strings are always concatenated from left to right in appearance of array.</li><li>The number array may not always be sorted - just use the given order of the numbers</li><li>All numbers in the first array will always be coprime. This is a safe assumption for your program.</li><li>The list stops where it does because if you were to filter the numbers out, the remaining strings would repeat after this point.</li></ul><p>Hint: What is the relation to the numbers given in the list and the length of the list?</p>